Improve v24.1 and v23.2 Cloud upgrade pages (#18700)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/upgrade-to-v23.2.md

Upgrading a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster to a new major version is opt-in. Before proceeding, review the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} [CockroachDB Cloud Upgrade Policy](https://cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy).
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

> If you previously upgraded to a Pre-Production Preview of {{ page.page_version }}, your cluster will be upgraded to {{ page.version.version }} automatically, and no further action is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you upgrade to a Pre-Production Preview of {{ page.page_version }}, your cluster will be automatically upgraded to {{ page.page_version }}.0 upon its GA release.
```

When you start the upgrade, the cluster will be unavailable for a few minutes while the node is stopped and restarted with {{ page.page_version }}.
</section>

> If you are upgrading from {{ page.previous_version }} to {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade must be finalized. This is not required for subsequent patch upgrades. Approximately 72 hours after all nodes are running {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade will be automatically [finalized]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}#step-6-finish-the-upgrade). It's important to monitor your cluster and applications during this 72-hour window, so that you can [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console if you see unexpected behavior. Finalization enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.page_version }}](#expect-temporary-limitations). When finalization is complete, it is no longer possible to roll back to {{ page.prev_version }}.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading from {{ page.prev_version }} to {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade must be finalized. This is not required for subsequent patch upgrades. Approximately 72 hours after all nodes are running {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade will be automatically [finalized]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}#step-6-finish-the-upgrade). It's important to monitor your cluster and applications during this 72-hour window, so that you can [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console if you see [unexpected behavior according to key metrics]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/essential-metrics-dedicated.md %}). Finalization enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.page_version }}](#expect-temporary-limitations). When finalization is complete, it is no longer possible to roll back to {{ page.prev_version }}.
```

> If you are upgrading from {{ page.prev_version }} to {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade must be finalized. This is not required for subsequent patch upgrades. Approximately 72 hours after all nodes are running {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade will be automatically [finalized]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}#step-6-finish-the-upgrade). It's important to monitor your cluster and applications during this 72-hour window, so that you can [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console if you see [unexpected behavior according to key metrics]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/essential-metrics-dedicated.md %}). Finalization enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.page_version }}](#expect-temporary-limitations). When finalization is complete, it is no longer possible to roll back to {{ page.prev_version }}.

Reviewer: I like 

> [roll back] if you see unexpected behavior according to key metrics

I'd consider expanding this -- most new undesirable behavior would be a good reason to roll back, not just changes in key metrics. Perhaps:

> if you see any undesirable changes in [key metrics] or any new application or database issues.

Though I think the PR could be merged without this.

> If you are upgrading from {{ page.prev_version }} to {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade must be finalized. This is not required for subsequent patch upgrades. Approximately 72 hours after all nodes are running {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade will be automatically [finalized]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}#step-6-finish-the-upgrade). It's important to monitor your cluster and applications during this 72-hour window, so that you can [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console if you see [unexpected behavior according to key metrics]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/essential-metrics-dedicated.md %}). Finalization enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.page_version }}](#expect-temporary-limitations). When finalization is complete, it is no longer possible to roll back to {{ page.prev_version }}.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading from {{ page.prev_version }} to {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade must be finalized. This is not required for subsequent patch upgrades. Approximately 72 hours after all nodes are running {{ page.page_version }}, the upgrade will be automatically [finalized]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}#step-6-finish-the-upgrade). It's important to monitor your cluster and applications during this 72-hour window, so that you can [roll back the upgrade](#roll-back-the-upgrade) from the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console if you see [unexpected behavior according to key metrics]({% link {{ page.page_version }}/essential-metrics-dedicated.md %}) or if you experience application or database issues. Finalization enables certain [features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.page_version }}](#expect-temporary-limitations). When finalization is complete, it is no longer possible to roll back to {{ page.prev_version }}.
```
